[doc] Release 0.6.1 (#137)
ejgallego/coq-serapi: notes/announce-0.6.md

Subject: [ANNOUNCE] jsCoq and SerAPI releases

Dear Coq users and developers,

we are happy to announce the releases of jsCoq 0.9.3 and SerAPI 0.6.1
for Coq 8.9.

> JsCoq and SerAPI are free software, please don't hesitate to contribute at:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JsCoq and SerAPI are free software, please don't hesitate to report issues and contribute at:
```

- https://github.com/ejgallego/jscoq
- https://github.com/ejgallego/coq-serapi

## JsCoq 0.9:

> JsCoq allows to interact with Coq developments as self-contained HTML,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JsCoq allows interacting with Coq developments as standard-compliant HTML documents using a browser.
```

Reviewer: Maybe it should be "Coq documents", I think we are trying to push that terminology?

standard-compliant web pages. The project aims to ease the development
of interactive Coq documents and teaching material, to improve the
accessibility of the platform, and to explore new user interaction
possibilities.

> jsCoq 0.9 has been 3 years in the making, and it features a long list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
jsCoq 0.9 has been three years in the making, and it features a long list
```

of improvements, most of them due to the incredible work of Shachar
Itzhaky, who managed to stabilize the Web Worker version and provided
countless usability and display improvements including

> "company-coq"-like and contextual information facilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Company-Coq"-like contextual information display facilities.
```

While there are still some minor bugs, we feel that this is the first
release that seems ready for wider testing and exposure; in
particular, as Coq now runs in a separate browser thread, the overall

> experience is much smoother. Keep in mind that jsCoq's primary target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
experience is much smoother than before. Keep in mind that jsCoq's primary target
```

is introductory Coq material, thus it is expected to struggle with
heavy developments.

You can see some examples including the "Software Foundations" suite
in the links below:

- https://x80.org/rhino-coq/
- https://x80.org/rhino-coq/examples/lf/
- https://x80.org/rhino-coq/examples/plf/

See more examples and information in the project's web page
https://github.com/ejgallego/jscoq, the full list of changes is
at https://github.com/ejgallego/jscoq/blob/v8.9%2Bworker/CHANGES.md

## SerAPI 0.6.1

> Coq-SerAPI provides a S-expression based API for interaction with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coq-SerAPI provides an S-expression based API suitable for machine interaction with
```

Coq. Capabilities include full round-trip serialization of Coq's AST
and most internal structures, easy access to the document build and

> checking API, etc...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
checking API, and facilities for querying Coq's environment and proof state.
```

The 0.6.1 release brings many improvements and features in the

> serialization front. Thanks to the awesome efforts of Karl Palmskog,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
serialization front. Thanks to the efforts of Karl Palmskog and Ahmet Celik,
```

SerAPI is now able to serialize/deserialize large Coq developments

> reliably ; we have also improved the `sercomp` compiler tool, which is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reliably, and we have improved the `sercomp` command-line tool for batch (de)serialization of Coq files.
```

now a more mature tool.

> See more examples and information in the project's web page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See more information and examples on the project's website
```

https://github.com/ejgallego/coq-serapi, the full list of changes is
at https://github.com/ejgallego/coq-serapi/blob/v8.9/CHANGES.md

Best regards,

> Emilio & all the people involved in these projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Emilio & all contributors to these projects
```

experience is much smoother than before. Keep in mind that jsCoq's
primary target is introductory Coq material, thus it is expected to
struggle with heavy developments.

You can see some examples including the "Software Foundations" suite
in the links below:

- https://x80.org/rhino-coq/
- https://x80.org/rhino-coq/examples/lf/
- https://x80.org/rhino-coq/examples/plf/

See more examples and information in the project's web page
https://github.com/ejgallego/jscoq, the full list of changes is
at https://github.com/ejgallego/jscoq/blob/v8.9%2Bworker/CHANGES.md

## SerAPI 0.6.1

Coq-SerAPI provides an S-expression based API suitable for machine
interaction with Coq. Capabilities include full round-trip
serialization of Coq's AST and most internal structures, easy access
to the document build and checking API, and facilities for querying
Coq's environment and proof state.

The 0.6.1 release brings many improvements and features in the
serialization front. Thanks to the awesome efforts of Karl Palmskog
and Ahmet Celik, SerAPI is now able to serialize/deserialize large Coq
developments reliably, and we have improved the `sercomp` command-line

> tool for batch (de)serialization of Coq files.  now a more mature

Reviewer: "now a more mature" and dangling "tool." is wrong here, I couldn't figure out how to do multi-line suggestions...

Author: Ups, thanks a lot!
